=head1 NAME

Group::Git::Examples - Some example usage of group-git

=head1 VERSION

This documentation refers to Group::Git::Examples version 0.4.3

=head1 EXAMPLES

=head2 Tags

Repository tags can be specified in 3 different:

=over 4

=item *

Automatically : The L<Group::Git::Github> and L<Group::Git::Stash> plugins both
generate tags

=over 4

=item *

L<Group::Git::Github> adds a tag for all repositories that are forks of other repositories

=item *

L<Group::Git::Stash> adds tags for repositories based on their project

=back

=item *

In the C<group-git.yml> you can also specify tags

    ---
    # other options
    tags:
        mytag:
            - repo1
            - repo2
        other:
            - repo1
            - repo3

=item *

The final way is in the repositories them selves add a file in the root in the
format .{tag}.tag

=back

Tags can be used to include only repositories that match:

    $ group-git --tag mytag pull
    # or short hand
    $ group-git -t mytag pull

Note: that the tag must be specified before the command to execute

=head1 CONFIGURATION AND ENVIRONMENT

A full explanation of any configuration system(s) used by the module, including
the names and locations of any configuration files, and the meaning of any
environment variables or properties that can be set. These descriptions must
also include details of any configuration language used.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

There are no known bugs in this module.

Please report problems to Ivan Wills (ivan.wills@gmail.com).

Patches are welcome.

=head1 AUTHOR

Ivan Wills - (ivan.wills@gmail.com)

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2015 Ivan Wills (14 Mullion Close, Hornsby Heights, NSW Australia 2077).
All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.  This program is
distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

=cut
